Important Notices

This software was designed primarily to encourage users to explore possible ways of reducing greenhouse gas emissions from farms. The estimates of emission are approximate, and may change appreciably as new scientific findings emerge. Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada does not warrant the reliability of this tool for uses other than education or exploratory gaming of possible practices.

Copyright/Permission to Reproduce

Material in this software were produced and/or compiled by Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada for the purpose of providing Canadians with information on greenhouse gas emissions from Canadian farms.

The material in this software is covered by the provisions of the Copyright Act, by Canadian laws, policies, regulations and international agreements. Such provisions serve to identify the information source and, in specific instances, to prohibit reproduction of materials without written permission.

Non-commercial Reproduction

Information in this software has been posted with the intent that it be readily available for personal and public non-commercial use and may be reproduced, in part or in whole and by any means, without charge or further permission from Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada. We ask only that: 

•	Users exercise due diligence in ensuring the accuracy of the materials reproduced; 
•	Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada be identified as the source department; and, 
•	The reproduction is not represented as an official version of the materials 
	reproduced, nor as having been made, in affiliation with or with the endorsement of Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada. 
	
Commercial Reproduction

Reproduction of multiple copies of material in this software , in whole or in part, for the purposes of commercial redistribution is prohibited except with written permission from the Government of Canada's copyright administrator, Communication Canada. Through the permission granting process, Communication Canada helps ensure individuals/organizations wishing to reproduce Government of Canada materials for commercial purposes have access to the most accurate, up-to-date versions. To obtain permission to reproduce materials on this CD for commercial purposes, please go to Communication Canada's " Applying for Copyright Clearance on Government of Canada Works" page. 

Communication Canada
Canadian Government Publishing Directorate
Constitution Square Building, 4th Floor, 350 Albert Street
Ottawa, Ontario
Canada
K1A 1M4

or

copyright.droitdauteur@communication.gc.ca
Questions or comments regarding this policy, or the administration of the Privacy Act in Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada may be directed to the Privacy Co-ordinator by e-mail to jacquesd@agr.gc.ca or by calling (613) 759-7083 or writing to: 
Danielle Jacques
Acting Access to Information and Privacy Coordinator
Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada
930 Carling Avenue, Room 282
Sir John Carling Building
Ottawa, Ontario
K1A 0C5

If you are not satisfied with our response to your privacy concern, you may wish to contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner. 